#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass elsarticle
\begin_preamble
%%
%% Copyright 2007, 2008, 2009 Elsevier Ltd
%%
%% This file is part of the 'Elsarticle Bundle'.
%% ---------------------------------------------
%%
%% It may be distributed under the conditions of the LaTeX Project Public
%% License, either version 1.2 of this license or (at your option) any
%% later version.  The latest version of this license is in
%%    http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
%% and version 1.2 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
%% version 1999/12/01 or later.
%%
%% The list of all files belonging to the 'Elsarticle Bundle' is
%% given in the file `manifest.txt'.
%%

%% Template article for Elsevier's document class `elsarticle'
%% with numbered style bibliographic references
%% SP 2008/03/01
%%
%%
%%
%% $Id: elsarticle-template-num.tex 4 2009-10-24 08:22:58Z rishi $
%%
%%


%% Use the option review to obtain double line spacing
%% \documentclass[preprint,review,12pt]{elsarticle}

%% Use the options 1p,twocolumn; 3p; 3p,twocolumn; 5p; or 5p,twocolumn
%% for a journal layout:
%% \documentclass[final,1p,times]{elsarticle}
%% \documentclass[final,1p,times,twocolumn]{elsarticle}
%% \documentclass[final,3p,times]{elsarticle}
%% \documentclass[final,3p,times,twocolumn]{elsarticle}
%% \documentclass[final,5p,times]{elsarticle}
%% \documentclass[final,5p,times,twocolumn]{elsarticle}

%% if you use PostScript figures in your article
%% use the graphics package for simple commands
%% \usepackage{graphics}
%% or use the graphicx package for more complicated commands
%% \usepackage{graphicx}
%% or use the epsfig package if you prefer to use the old commands
%% \usepackage{epsfig}

%% The amssymb package provides various useful mathematical symbols
%% The amsthm package provides extended theorem environments
%% \usepackage{amsthm}

%% The lineno packages adds line numbers. Start line numbering with
%% \begin{linenumbers}, end it with \end{linenumbers}. Or switch it on
%% for the whole article with \linenumbers after \end{frontmatter}.
%% \usepackage{lineno}

%% natbib.sty is loaded by default. However, natbib options can be
%% provided with \biboptions{...} command. Following options are
%% valid:

%%   round  -  round parentheses are used (default)
%%   square -  square brackets are used   [option]
%%   curly  -  curly braces are used      {option}
%%   angle  -  angle brackets are used    <option>
%%   semicolon  -  multiple citations separated by semi-colon
%%   colon  - same as semicolon, an earlier confusion
%%   comma  -  separated by comma
%%   numbers-  selects numerical citations
%%   super  -  numerical citations as superscripts
%%   sort   -  sorts multiple citations according to order in ref. list
%%   sort&compress   -  like sort, but also compresses numerical citations
%%   compress - compresses without sorting
%%
%% \biboptions{comma,round}

% \biboptions{}


%\journal{Nuclear Physics B}
\end_preamble
\options preprint,3p
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Part
System and Parameter Identification through Optimization
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Explanation of terms
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The term system identification describes methods and algorithms that generate
 an empirical model of the system from measured input and output signals.
 System identification thus represents a sub-discipline of systems theory
 in engineering 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Wo:2020"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 The identification involves structure realization and parameter identification.
 For structure realization a priori knowledge is used to determine a class
 of model.
 If there is no a priori knowledge there, then the structure realization
 might be done by a trial and error method 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Levine2010"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 .After the structure identification, the main focus is on the parameter
 identification in the system.
 Parameter identification is performed by adjusting parameters within a
 given model until its output, for a particular input, coincides as well
 as possible with the measured output of the system being identified for
 the same input 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duong2002system"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 For this a desired output function 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{Y}_{U_{i}}$
\end_inset

dependet of diferent set of input function 
\begin_inset Formula $U_{i}$
\end_inset

 and a system simulated function 
\begin_inset Formula $Y_{U_{i}}($
\end_inset

k) on a set of system parameters 
\begin_inset Formula $k$
\end_inset

 are given.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The difference build the cost function 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
F_{P}=\sqrt{\overset{}{\underset{i}{\sum}}\left|Y_{U_{i}}(k)-\hat{Y_{U_{i}}}\right|^{2}}\rightarrow\mathrm{min}.
\end{equation}

\end_inset

wich is to be minimized.
 The minimization of the cost function serves to identify the parameter
 set 
\begin_inset Formula $k$
\end_inset

 sought.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Different model categories
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In practice, a distinction is made between a black box model and a white
 box model in a system.
 A black box model is based on a model where one has no knowledge of the
 internal structure of the system.
 These are often statistical models and with the help of a lot of data,
 another model is constructed outside of the system that tries to describe
 the actual system as well as possible.
 Accordingly, it is difficult to identify the influencing parameters for
 this type of system.
 A typical black box model would be customer shopping behavior where the
 brain is viewed as a black box and one tries to mimic this with lots of
 data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At the other extreme is the white box model, where you know the inner workings
 of the system.
 The behavior of these systems is based on an interaction of known and researche
d physical phenomena with a known of influencing parameters and it can be
 described analytically.
 However, a mixture of these systems is found, referred to as the gray box
 model.
 There you have partial information about the behavior of the system, but
 there is also space for the exact unpredictability of the system.
 The cause can be a statistical behavior of the system as well as a complex
 physical interaction within it.
 In this work, two such systems are considered, whereby on the one hand
 the interaction of physical processes and on the other hand the statistical
 behavior of the selected system make a gray box out of these systems.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Selection of optimization algorithms
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are a lot of methods have been used to to optimize a system, matematicly
 that means to minimize the cost function, and most of this methods are
 based on statistical or on gradient decent method 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duong2002system"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Statistical methods require information like knowledge about properties
 of a system, wich are sometimes not available.
 The gradient descent methods are local minimization methods, wich require
 a smooth search space.
 They are often unable to find the global optima, when the solution space
 is multimodal with high order.
 In this work is for optimization the genetic algorithms choosen.
 The advantage of genetic algorithms is the simple implementation, it requires
 less knowledge os system properties and it is a global searching technique.
 The disadvantage is sometime the running time for small problems mostly
 computationally intensive.
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "bibtex-daten/bachelorarbeit-info"
options "bibtex-daten/unsrtdin"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
