#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion and Outlook
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The optimization of the fuel cell shows that a desired power density curve
 can be approximated very well using genetic algorithms.
 Interestingly, GA reveals a non-obvious structure of fuel cell performance,
 where different parameter settings lead to the same power density curve.
 This means that the solution is not unique here, which in turn could be
 used for a specific desired parameter setting.
 For further investigations, it would be important to include or couple
 the temperature generated by the operation in the simulations, which for
 the sake of simplicity was chosen as constant for this work.
 Knowledge of the effect of this temperature on performance is desirable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Next was the achievement of a statistically uniform and isotropic field
 studied in an electromagnetic reverberation cuboid chamber, with a Vivaldi
 antenna as source.
 The field turbulence was caused by a stirrer whose geometry plays a crucial
 role in the field distribution.
 In this work, the shape of the stirrer blades was optimized in order to
 achieve the best possible desired field distribution.
 This enabled the desired values to be achieved except for the real part
 of the field in the y-direction.
 In order to further improve the field distribution values, the number of
 stirrers was increased to three pieces.
 The wing shapes have been optimized.
 The field in the y-direction could be improved, but the field values in
 the other spatial directions deteriorated but remained within the tolerance
 range.
 Nevertheless, the desired acceptance limits for the field distribution
 in all spatial directions were maintained.
 For further investigations it would also be interesting to optimize the
 topology of the stirrer.
 To do this, one does not assume a rectangular sheet metal as the basic
 shape of a stirrer, but calculates the optimal shape completely mathematically.
 In a further step, a different approach to improve the field distribution
 was chosen.
 There for a certain number of two different geometric objects (cone and
 sphere) were attached to the wall chamber and their influence on the field
 distribution was examined.
 Here the hemispheres provided a better field distribution than cones, so
 this would be a better choice for further investigation.
 Here, the hemispheres provided a better field distribution than the cones,
 so the hemisphere was used for further investigations.
 Now an attempt was made to vary the number of hemispheres randomly on the
 wall in the chamber, but unfortunately this did not lead to a better distributi
on of the field.
 For further investigation, one should perhaps not make a random change
 in the number of geometric objects, but a systematic change.
 The influence of multiple hemispheres with different randomly chosen radii
 in chamber would be an interesting research project.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
